Basic room reservation system.
---------------------------------------------
Libraries: Used jQuery and Bootstrap4
Source Control: GitHub URL: https://github.com/RoryGren/reservation

Files & Folders
---------------------------------------------
Index.php

User can specify a range of dates - check-in and check-out, number of people for the booking. A clickable list of rooms is displayed for selection, containing with basic details.
When room selected, modal popup allows the user to fill in name and contact details and then confirm or cancel booking details.
Clicking button checks for required field population, confirms existing user, by name and telephone number, or creates new record and writes reservation to database.
Anchor link to search page.

TODO:  (Other than prettying.)
1. Check for & prevent double bookings.
2. Check that dates are only in the future.
3. Only does insert and select. No update or delete.
4. Field display order needs to be corrected. (Array indexes were used for ajax data transfer to PHP. Should be changed to use input field id.)
5. Proper field validation.

---------------------------------------------

resFind.php

Basic search function
User can search assets/rooms, users and reservations
input field id="searchString" uses ajax to query database and populate table with search results
Searches on Name, Tel, Email or Room description
Anchor link to reservation page.

TODO: 
1. Add editing of records - clients, rooms, etc. 
    (Not keen on deleting records from datbase. Prefer "status" flag to show record as active or inactive)  

---------------------------------------------

classes/classRes.php
Holds classRes with methods and properties called

---------------------------------------------

scripts/ folder 
Contains jQuery, Bootstrap and custom Javascript / jQuery files

---------------------------------------------

style/ folder
Contains custom css and Bootstrap stylesheets

---------------------------------------------

SQL/ folder
Contains scripts to create database tables.

---------------------------------------------

DOX folder
/html/ Contains html documentation in html format generated by Doxygen 
/latex/ Contains documentation in Latex format generated by Doxygen 
